I do not like yoga but my friend Rachel
instructor of yoga should give to me
this gift present here come to my class
it is free I sin I say no I do not like
it and then she try and try and try say
no no no no finally she say well you can
lead a horse to water but you cannot
make it drink what yeah Rachel I know I
know of this I know you cannot make the
horse drink of water
what if the was to drink some water like
200 meters ago
there are many leaders and now we brings
a horse to some water will not drink the
horse is like why are we here I'd just
drink many liters just some seconds ago
you did see it now I must drink more
water
why why why so I may what and
entertaining you my clown my horse clown
to entertain for you no I'm not as I'm
Bristow horse and I want some class now
or some gallop sing or some some hang
out with other horses so we may speak of
horse subjects together do not want this
water Rachel or what perhaps do was he
have it in tier mas flasher in the
saddle the thermos a thermos bottle of
fresh and cold Gatorade with the
electrolyte inand everything it is
purple it is cold it is this great
flavor what is it like ice blizzard cold
storm tsunami or what small better than
water
it's cow it horse will not drink the
warm waters in a bucket she'll have this
cow liver fresh energy drinks nature
stop it
yeah you want to you want to make the
horse drinks of water then waterboard
the horse tear harvest
just go do your downward dogs or what